I belong to a family of very enlightened
people my father was a linguist and he
was mastered of 14 languages he knew
about 26 languages and he translated
even Khurana sharifa into Hindi language
my mother was in those days was honors
in mathematics so both were very well
educated and enlightened people at the
time of my birth my mother dreamt
something which she could not explain
but after that she had a great desire to
go and see a tiger in the open feet my
father was a great hunter because Tigers
were the meanest in the area where we
were living it was a hill station called
sin whare so there was a king was very
much interested in my father somehow
other a letter came that there's a tiger
very big tiger that has appeared and
they're frightened of him that he might
be a maneater
so my father took my mother and me to
that place and the wrestling what we
call as Amazon where they bid something
for people to sit on top of a tree from
where they can shoot nicely and then my
mother tells me that a big huge Tiger of
a very big size very beautifully
appeared on the field I still felt
tremendous love for the time
it was a full moon day and she felt
extremely compassionate towards the
tiger and when my father raised his gun
to shoot she stopped and she wouldn't
allow the tiger went away and he never
came to that forest again but that made
my father think because he himself was a
realized soul that must be somebody what
we call a goddess durga who is fond of
the tiger must be bought on my mother
because the symptoms were rather funny
that ladies would like to see a tiger
enough so he told my mother now are you
satisfied because they were struggling
with the gun he said he's there and boog
are sitting in your room that you are
trying to protect the tiger
she said yes yes so stop it now I won't
allow me like that there were many
incidents in my life because I am a
physician family brought distance and
when I was born my mother didn't feel
any liver feelings or anything and just
I was born she didn't know how and I had
no blood on my body nothing I was clean
washed that's why they called me I name
and it's near mana but my grandmother
said that she should be called as Niska
lanka that means the one which has no
spots on it but that's the name of math
so they said all right we'll call her
Nirmala meaning the same immaculate now
all these incidents and then my father
being a realized soul he felt tremendous
vibrations from me and he felt that this
life is great and she will do something
eating this
I do not know why but I don't know if he
dreamt or he understood it but all the
time
if I remember when he talked to me he
used to say that you have to find out to
me of giving a mass real answers all the
time as I told you was a good scholar of
so many things and really widely that
man so he gave me a good education in
religion in different religions and also
good education about human beings what
are their problems why did he act like
this why don't they take to God why at
the hypocritical all kinds of things he
talked to me
he also knew about Kundalini but not so
much of course when I was born I knew
about Kundalini myself I knew all about
it from my very childhood it was very
aware person extremely aware I didn't
know how to talk to because see people
didn't have that awareness you can't
talk to everyone like that so I was
regarded as a very jolly person at the
same time very serious also very deep
and then I started my studies as a child